Implement CalendarWidget (#193)
cusdeb-com/hammett: demos/calendar_bot/README.md

# HammettCalendarBot

> This demo showcases `CalendarWidget` provided by Hammett. It demonstrates how they can be used to create a calendar with options for selecting certain date. Check out the [documentation](https://cusdeb-com.github.io/hammett) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo showcases `CalendarWidget` provided by Hammett. It shows how it can be used to create a calendar with options for selecting a specific date. Check out the [documentation](https://cusdeb-com.github.io/hammett) for more details.
```

> This demo showcases the `CalendarWidget` widget to tackle various tasks. It demonstrates how they can be used to create a calendar with options for selecting certain date. Check out the [documentation](https://cusdeb-com.github.io/hammett) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo showcases `CalendarWidget` provided by Hammett. It demonstrates how they can be used to create a calendar with options for selecting certain date. Check out the [documentation](https://cusdeb-com.github.io/hammett) for more details.
```

See the live demo [here](https://t.me/HammettCalendarBot).

## Table of Contents:

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Run the Bot](#run-the-bot)
- [Run the Tests](#run-the-tests)
- [Docker](#docker)

## Installation

First, navigate to the `demos/calendar_bot/` directory:

```bash
$ cd demos/calendar_bot/
```

Next, create and activate a virtual environment:

```bash
$ virtualenv -p python3 calendar-bot-env

> $ source ./calendar-bot-env/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: Maybe replace it with python module venv?

Author: Okay, but it's better to do it in another PR
